Add InfluxDB 3 query guides (#5798)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb3/core/query-data/influxql/basic-query.md

---
title: Perform a basic InfluxQL query

> seotitle: Perform a basic InfluxQL query in InfluxDB Clustered

Reviewer: ```suggestion
seotitle: Perform a basic InfluxQL query in InfluxDB 3 Core
```
I assume we can't use `{{< product-name >}}` here?

Author: Actually, you totally can!
